# 1. 介绍

Each Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) message is either a request
or a response. A server listens on a connection for a request,
parses each message received, interprets the message semantics in
relation to the identified request target, and responds to that
request with one or more response messages. A client constructs
request messages to communicate specific intentions, examines
received responses to see if the intentions were carried out, and
determines how to interpret the results. This document defines
HTTP/1.1 request and response semantics in terms of the architecture
defined in [RFC7230].

HTTP provides a uniform interface for interacting with a resource
(Section 2), regardless of its type, nature, or implementation, via
the manipulation and transfer of representations (Section 3).

HTTP semantics include the intentions defined by each request method
(Section 4), extensions to those semantics that might be described in
request header fields (Section 5), the meaning of status codes to
indicate a machine-readable response (Section 6), and the meaning of
other control data and resource metadata that might be given in
response header fields (Section 7).

This document also defines representation metadata that describe how
a payload is intended to be interpreted by a recipient, the request
header fields that might influence content selection, and the various
selection algorithms that are collectively referred to as "content
negotiation" (Section 3.4).

## 1.1. 符合性和错误处理

